# Cryptocurrency Price Prediction with Machine Learning
<h2>Intoduction</h2>
You must have heard or invested in any cryptocurrency once in your life. It is a digital medium of exchange that is encrypted and decentralized. Many people use cryptocurrencies as a form of investing because it gives great returns even in a short period. Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Binance Coin are among the popular cryptocurrencies today. If you want to know how to predict the future prices of any cryptocurrency with machine learning, this article is for you. In this article, I will walk you through the task of cryptocurrency price prediction with machine learning using Python.
<br>
Predicting the price of cryptocurrencies is one of the popular case studies in the data science community. The prices of stocks and cryptocurrencies don’t just depend on the number of people who buy or sell them. Today, the change in the prices of these investments also depends on the changes in the financial policies of the government regarding any cryptocurrency. The feelings of people towards a particular cryptocurrency or personality who directly or indirectly endorse a cryptocurrency also result in a huge buying and selling of a particular cryptocurrency, resulting in a change in prices.

In short, buying and selling result in a change in the price of any cryptocurrency, but buying and selling trends depend on many factors. Using machine learning for cryptocurrency price prediction can only work in situations where prices change due to historical prices that people see before buying and selling their cryptocurrency. So, in the section below, I will take you through how you can predict the bitcoin prices (which is one of the most popular cryptocurrencies) for the next 30 days.

<h2>#Libraries Used</h2>
I’ll start the task of Cryptocurrency price prediction by importing the necessary Python libraries and the dataset we need. For this task, I will collect the latest Bitcoin prices data from Yahoo Finance, using the yfinance API. This will help you collect the latest data each time you run this code:
